can we see me can we hear me
always the first question will always be
the first question as long as it's a gay
watch live stream where Tech problems
are heard of
let's let's put it gently and say Tech
problems are heard of
thank you BCE
you see me you hear me
fantastic then we can go ahead and say
I'm Brittany this is Wei ying and
welcome to gaywatch where we watch gay
things this is a reading live stream and
today we are starting something brand
new it's new it's pretty it's a similar
situation to the untamed and Mota zouche
so we are starting the novel Heavens
Heaven officials blessing I always want
to say Heaven's official
Heaven officials blessing
damn it
Heaven official's blessing I have seen
season one of the donghua season two of
The dongwa exists but has not been
released yet and my plan is to basically
read a volume watch a season right
because from what I hear volume 1 covers
basically up to where season one of the
dongwa covers right so that's the plan
we'll see how long it takes between
seasons
but that is the current plan so today we
are here we are starting this look at
this ridiculous cover
the Ridiculousness of the cover it is
every inch as ridiculous as the mode as
usual translation like let's be honest
what the hell is this but I've seen the
donghua so I know exactly what this is
and I don't think I'm ready for the full
for the full
uncensored version at least when it came
to the untameda sushi there was like a
good chunk of time where I had to absorb
all of the Untamed before the official
translation was even out right this not
so much I watched the dangwa what
last month maybe a little bit more than
that so I finally been diving into
heaven officials blessing and today we
start to go further with the official
translation I'm really excited
um if I look at the look at the color I
think there's like a whole there's
there's a big red and white thing going
on with these two and I swear if I can
have because I've got a I've got a white
and gold version of this mug if I can
find
something similar because this was for
you know Wei Wu Shan and then Wang ji
lanwangji being the white and gold one
in terms of co-stars that I have named
co-hosts that I have named if I can find
like a matching set of something red and
white and gorgeous
for these two
I will
I absolutely will
so how these things usually go since I
have not read the book this is more of a
reaction thing as opposed to
look into the cough in a second as
opposed to
[Music]
any kind of audiobook or I'm going to do
a reading of this book that I love
no this is very much in the more
reaction territory Ridiculousness
um I read I react I comment
much like any other video except this
time it's a book
as for the cough I apologize
I have as well okay I had asthma when I
was a kid and that means that whenever I
get a cough it lingers for an absurdly
long time so most of the time I have
some kind of cough going I try to lean
away from the mic when it happens but
that's just
part of gay watch at this point is me
having some degree of coughing I try to
keep it best to a minimum for you guys
which is why I usually have tea in this
thing
so now that we have given people a few
minutes to get the sign that gay watch
is live and to come on in if they have
the time
we are going to go ahead and start
there's a prologue
wait there's a prologue hang on let me
check something
because it says
get over here oh my God
oh my God
why hang on I have to click over make
sure it's in focus it is I just need to
actually why why are they doing this to
me why do they do this
why
I cannot believe
just the effort and the beauty and the
no
why are they doing this I haven't even
read anything from it yet damn it
okay all right prologue prologue hang on
there will probably be a little bit of a
break in the middle maybe we're a little
bit tight for time today because it's
you know whole new series whole new live
stream who this but
we might take a break a little bit in
the middle
but in general we seem to knock down
about 40 pages per live stream and so
this usually takes about
eight live streams to get through an
entire volume of mxtx
amazingness we'll we'll go with that and
um
so that's about all there is in terms of
expectations we are going to go ahead
and start I'm going to put this book
over here because it's reflecting off of
light from the window and blinding me
that's not great when you're trying to
read so
let us go then oh man
me and Chinese pronunciation I was used
to a lot of the things for Moto Zushi
that keep recurring a lot of certain
names and pronunciations now I get to
learn that all over again I just
realized
I am just now fathoming my apologies to
the Chinese language
I'm doing the best I can
I promise
so
among all the deities of Heaven there
was one famous laughingstock of the
three realms
can I get some appreciation for a banger
opening line
that is an excellent opening line for so
many reasons that I can't go into
because this is not a live stream about
writing but just suffice to say
opening line
Legend has it that 800 years ago there
was an ancient Kingdom in the central
plains called the kingdom of Shenley
we hope the kingdom of Shenley was a
vast and bountiful land there were four
treasure Treasures within it abundant
and handsome Beauties vibrant music and
marvelous literature golden gems and
their one Infamous Crown Prince
what would be the best way to describe
this Crown Prince well he was a unique
man he was beloved by the king and queen
and they doted upon him exorbitantly
they would often say with pride my son
will become a great ruler in the future
and his good name Will echo down through
history
however the Crown Prince was not
interested in Imperial power or wealth
in the mortal world at all what he was
interested in in his own words was I
want to save the common people
when he was young the Crown Prince
focused solely on his cultivation and
there were two short tales that were
widely spread of his time on that path
the first tale took place when he was 17
years old
that year who the grand
Heavenly ceremonial procession took
place in the Kingdom of Shenley
although the custom of conducting these
Divine ceremonies has been out of
fashion for centuries it is still
possible to deduce what a grand jubilant
occasion it must have been from remnants
of ancient books and oral tradition
Festival
upon the Grand Avenue of divine might
Seas of people gathered on either side
of the Grand Street with Royals and
Nobles talking and laughing in merriment
Atop The High platforms the Glorious
Royal Warriors bedeckton armor opened
the paths while mavens danced elegantly
their Fair hands scattering flowers and
who could say whether the flowers or the
maidens were more beautiful
from within the golden Carriage came
marvelous music that drifted across the
entire Imperial City and at the rear of
the procession was a grand stage pulled
by 16 white horses in Golden bridles
upon this Tower in Grand stage stood the
god pleasing Warrior and focus of
everyone's attention
at the Heavenly ceremonial procession
the god pleasing Warrior wore a golden
mask dressed in glamorous attire and
with a sacred sword in hand he played
the role of the subduer of evil the
number one martial God for the past
Thousand Years the Heavenly Emperor Jun
Wu
it was the greatest of honors to be
chosen for the role of the god pleasing
Warrior which was why the selection
criteria were exceedingly strict thus
the one chosen that year was that Crown
Prince people across the kingdom believe
that he would give the most thrilling
performance as the god-pleasing warrior
however an accident happened that day
during the third tour of the procession
it passed by a city wall that was
hundreds of meters tall at the time the
Marshall got upon the grand stage was
just about to strike the demon down it
was the climax of the performance with
people on both sides of the street at
the height of excitement the top of the
city wall swarmed with crowds clamoring
to watch the show pushing and shoving
each other to get the best view
at that moment a small child fell from
the edge of the wall
the screams of the crowd reached to the
heavens just when everyone thought this
child would stain the Grand Avenue of
divine might with blood the Crown Prince
looked up leapt into flight and caught
the boy
the people only saw a glimpse of a white
silhouette that flew like a soaring bird
before the Crown Prince landed with that
small child in his arms the golden mask
fell revealing the young handsome face
behind it
in the next second cheers erupted the
people were thrilled and joyous but the
state preceptors of Royal cultivation
Hall were troubled they had never
imagined such a huge mishap would occur
this was ominous luck the gravest of
misfortunes every trip the grand stage
made around the imperial capital
symbolized one year of peace and Harmony
within the kingdom now that it was cut
short did that not mean the invitation
of disaster
the state preceptors were so distraught
they were losing hair as fast as the
rain fell after much contemplation they
called The Crown Prince over to speak to
him and the softest manner possible they
requested your highness might you be
willing to face the wall in reflection
for a month it does not really need to
be a month as long as the intention is
there the Crown Prince smiled no
this was what he said there is nothing
wrong with saving people why would the
heavens condemn me for doing the right
thing
hang on
hang on that's the
early overwhelming wave of falling in
love okay
I'm gonna be fine
um but what if the heavens do condemn
you
then it is the heavens who are wrong why
would I apologize to those who are wrong
page page one two three four page four
mark it down page four page four
I fell in love with page four
what took her so long
could not argue the Crown Prince was
this Crown Prince was such a person
he had never encountered anything he
could not do nor had he ever met anyone
who did not love him he was the Justice
of the Mortal realm the center of the
world although the state preceptors were
frustrated what the heck do you know it
was not their place to say much and they
did not dare say more on the subject
either His Highness would not have
listened anyway
that's a scene break towards the middle
of page 14.
oh
did I miss uh
oh no it's coming up there's a um
footnote
the second tale takes place in the same
year when the Crown Prince was 17.
Legend has it that south of the Yellow
River there was a bridge called Union
we'll go with that Union on which there
is a footnote that means one thought or
fleeting thought this is also the first
half of the idiom wrong decision made in
a moment of weakness
that's not foreboding in the slightest
upon this bridge was a ghost that had
been lingering for years
this ghost was exceedingly fearsome it
was clad and broken armor the Flames of
Hell blazed beneath its feet and its
body was covered in blood and pierced by
all manner of sharp weapons
every step it took it left behind a
footprint of blood and fire every few
years it would suddenly appear at night
and wander back and forth at the head of
the bridge blocking travelers to ask
them three questions
what is this place who am I what is to
be done
the ghost would then devour whoever
answered incorrectly
however no one knew what the correct
answers were as the years went by this
ghost devoured countless Travelers
during his I you know here's an English
word I could never remember how to
pronounce out loud because I've only
read it so much is it ascetic
a-s-c-e-t-i-c I believe it's ascetic
I could be wrong
during his ascetic travel the Crown
Prince caught word of this so he set out
and found a union bridge and stood guard
there night after night until finally
one night he met the haunting ghost
when that ghost appeared it was indeed
as horrifying as the legend said it
asked the Crown Prince the first
question and he answered with a smile
this place is the human world
however the ghost replied this place is
the abyss an auspicious start the first
answer was already incorrect
well all three answers are going to be
wrong anyway the Crown Prince thought so
why should I wait till you're done and
so he pulled out his weapon and lunged
the fight was complete chaos the Crown
Prince was skilled in martial arts but
the ghost was terrifying and dauntless
man and ghost fought so hard that the
Sun and Moon began to topple in the end
the ghost was finally defeated
after the ghost vanished the Crown
Prince planted a flowering tree at the
head of the bridge as he did so a
cultivator passed by and happened to see
him sprinkle a handful of dirt to
consecrate the grave and send the ghost
off
what is this he asked and thus the Crown
Prince replied with his now famous line
body in the abyss part in Paradise
I'm writing that all over my walls as we
speak
when the cultivator heard this he gave a
light smile he then transformed into a
Divine Warrior clad in white armor with
auspicious clouds beneath his feet
then he drew in the wind and rode off in
Holy Light
only then did the Crown Prince realize
that he had just encountered the
Heavenly Emperor who had personally
descended to the Mortal realm to subdue
evil the deities had already taken
notice of this exceedingly outstanding
god-pleasing Warrior since his time when
the Shanghai Heavenly ceremonial
procession
after the meeting at Union Bridge they
asked the Heavenly Emperor how does my
Lord find this Royal Highness the
emperor answered this child's future is
infinite
that could be really good or like really
bad
that night a Celestial phenomenon
manifested in the skies above the palace
and storms raged amidst the flashes of
lightning and the Roars of Thunder the
Crown Prince ascended we're never
Immortal ascended the Heavenly realm
always shook when the Crown Prince
ascended the entire Heavenly realm
quaked outright with three times the
normal tremors
achieving fruitful cultivation was
always far too difficult it required
Talent training and luck it was often a
long road of a hundred years for a God
to be born
it was not that there were no Fortunate
Souls who became deities at a young age
however the majority who tried exhausted
their entire lives changed for 100 years
and still had no Heavenly tribulations
dawned upon them even if they did come
face even they even if they did come to
face a Heavenly tribulation should they
fail the trial they would die or be
ruined if they managed to survive
those who made the attempt were as
numerous as the Sands of the Ganges
but most were simply ignorant Mortals
who would spend their entire lives as
nothing more than ordinary never finding
their own paths
yet this Royal Highness was no doubt the
darling of the heavens
whatever he wanted he received whatever
he wanted to do he succeeded he wanted
to ascend and become a God so at the age
of 17 he did just that oh this has given
me some 17 year old weibusan vibes
he had always led the hearts of the
people and the king and queen loved him
missed him dearly so to honor their son
the king ordered great temples and
shrines to be built across the land and
for statues of the Crown Prince to be
erected and worshiped by all
the more Believers that were amassed the
more temples were constructed that meant
the crown Prince's life would be more
prolonged and his spiritual Powers would
grow more powerful
thus in a few short years the
shin lay
Palace of the Crown Prince became
incomparably glorious and for a Time its
prosperity and Splendor reached its peak
until three years later when Shanley
fell into chaos
the cause of the chaos was tyranny with
Rebels rising in Revolt however while
the Flames of War were set Ablaze all
over the mortal world the deities of the
Heavenly realm could not easily
intervene their concerns were ghosts
monsters and demons that encroached on
the borders and whatever fell outside of
those parameters had to be left to its
own devices
think about it conflicts were everywhere
in the Mortal realm and everyone
believed they were Justified so if any
God were to stick a foot in well today
you would be today you would back your
former Kingdom tomorrow another would
avenge his descendants thus there would
not be Gods who wanted to fight each
other all the time who would fall into a
life of disgrace
that was why the Crown Prince needed to
keep his distance but he did not care
for that reasoning in the least he said
to the Heavenly Emperor I will save the
common people
the Heavenly Emperor possessed a
thousand years of divine power but even
he did not dare let those words hang off
his lips
when he heard this it was easy to
imagine how he felt yet he could not do
anything to stop the Crown Prince so he
said
you cannot save everyone
I can the Crown Prince declared
foreshadowing the entire point of
everything and his art and how much pain
we're in for it no that's fine that's
good
outright statement of uh what's to come
in the first few pages
something you gotta knock off the list
when you're opening a novel
um
thus he descended to the Mortal realm
without looking back
naturally the whole nation of Sean poo
I had it I lost it I'll get it back
again Chun lay
rejoiced
however ever since ancient times there
had been one truth that people always
spoke of in the human world there would
never be a good outcome when God's
descended to the Mortal realm without
permission
you know that's actually probably a safe
rule of thumb to go by
let's let's be honest and so not only
were the Flames of War not extinguished
they blazed even Wilder
it was not to say that the Crown Prince
did not try but it would have been
better had he not intervened at all the
harder he worked the more of a mess the
war became the people of Chandler were
devastatingly battered and crushed the
wounded and casualties innumerable and
in the end a plague swept through the
entire imperial capital and the rebel
Army broke through to the palace and
ended the war
if it was said that Chandler was
originally Hanging On by a thread then
the Crown Prince came and cut it
directly
fell the people finally came to realize
one thing the Crown Prince they
worshiped as a God was never as perfect
or strong as they imagined
to speak harshly was he not just useless
trash who could not do anything right
damn
I mean
he [__] broke his back trying but you
know go off I guess 180.
without anywhere to vent the anguish and
pain of losing their homes and families
The Battered people furiously poured
into the Palaces of the Crown Prince
toppled his Divine statues and burned
down the Divine temples
180 might be an understatement at this
point
eight thousand temples burned for seven
days and seven nights burned until there
was nothing left
from that moment on the martial God who
protected peace and safety vanished and
a God of Misfortune who brought
disasters was born
man we continue to get
away with fan vibes in a good way in a
very good way
when the people call you a God you are a
God if they call you crap you are crap
you are whatever they say you are it has
all it had always been thus man I could
write an essay about celebrity right now
and the Judgment of just random ass
people I'm fine it's fine I'm not
getting on that soapbox
oh
the Crown Prince could not the Crown
Prince could absolutely not accept this
reality and he had an even harder time
accepting the punishment he received for
his transgressions banishment
his spiritual Powers were sealed and he
was knocked back down to the Mortal
Realm
he'd grown up endlessly coddled and
pampered he had never tasted the
suffering of the human world before yet
this punishment hurled him from the
clouds down into the mud and in this mud
for the first time he understood the
taste of hunger poverty and filth
this was also the first time that he did
things he never thought he would do
willingly he stole he robbed he cursed
loudly and he gave up on himself
he lost all dignity no self-esteem
remained and he was as unkempt as one
could be
even his most loyal servants could not
accept this change in him and chose to
leave
body in the abyss part in Paradise
this phrase had been engraved on Stone
monuments and plaques everywhere in
Shenley
if not for the war that had burned
almost all of the Kingdom to the ground
if the Crown Prince were to see the
remnants of those words he would
probably be the first to rush to destroy
what was left
the person who had said those words had
personally proven that when the body was
in the abyss the heart could not be in
Paradise
he ascended to the heavens quickly but
his Fall From Grace was even faster that
awe-inspiring impression at the Grand
Avenue of divine might the evil he met
at Union Bridge it all seemed as if it
were only yesterday and the Heavenly
realm merely sighed for a while before
letting go of what was passed
until one day many years later a huge
Rumble thundered from the sky this Royal
Highness ascended for the second time
throughout history Heavenly officials
who were banished either never regained
their Glory or fell into the ghost realm
it was rare to turn over a new Leaf
after banishment the second Ascension
was truly Grand and spectacular
what was even more spectacular was that
after he ascended he charged all the way
into the Heavenly realm and rampaged in
full Fury thus he had only been ascended
for the span of one incense time before
he was knocked back down again
we're taking a second to absorb there
we're just um
yeah a moment just a freaking moment
one incense time it could be considered
the swiftest and shortest Ascension in
history this is the type of well-meaning
disaster that I [__] live for
she is giving it to me once again
if the first Ascension could be
considered a beautiful tale then the
second Ascension was a farce
having been banished Twice The Heavenly
realm looked upon this Crown Prince with
full contempt and in that contempt there
was caution after all he was already
threatening and on edge after the first
banishment now that he had been banished
twice would he not go berserk and take
his revenge on the world
yet who knew after being banished this
time he did not go berserk and even
adjusted earnestly to banished life
there were no issues at all the only
problem was that maybe he was taking
things a little too seriously
sometimes he would busk at the End of
the Street expertly playing any
instrument and singing any songs and
even shattering Boulders on his chest as
part of his act while there had been
long word that his Royal Highness could
sing and dance and was a master of many
talents it was unbelievable to witness
all his talents in such a fashion truly
inspiring complicated feelings in anyone
who saw
sometimes he would diligently and humbly
collect straps
the deities were shocked to their cores
it was Unthinkable that things would
reach this point where now if one was to
say the son you gave birth to is the
Crown Prince of Chen lay it would be a
curse more malicious than may you die
without Sons
he was once the noble and gracious Crown
Prince a Heavenly official who was part
of the Divine ranks but in truth no one
else had ever screwed up so badly and so
this was the story of the man who was
known as the laughingstock of the three
realms
after laughing those who were more
sentimental might also sigh the darling
of the heavens who once stood at such a
height and truly and thoroughly vanished
Divine statues collapsed a native
kingdom was destroyed and not a single
believer remained gradually he was
forgotten by the world thus no one knew
where he had drifted afterward
it was already a great shame to be
banished once no one would be able to
get back up after being banished twice
there's a scene break
at the end of page 21.
many more years passed suddenly one day
there was another huge Rumble in the sky
the heavens fell and the Earth cracked
the ground trembled and the mountains
shook
the lanterns of everlasting light
shuddered the fire lights danced in Fury
and all the Heavenly officials inside
their Golden Palaces jolted awake every
one of them running out to ask each
other which new dignitary has ascended
such a grandiose entrance yet who knew
they had exclaimed in Wonder the first
second but in the next all the deities
of Heaven were Thunderstruck
weren't you done
that Infamous weirdo the laughing stock
of the three realms the legendary Royal
Highness the Crown Prince he he he
[__] ascended again
it's the expletive it's the expletive
it's the he [__]
[__] oh no I love this no I love this
I love this this is so
this is so good
didn't we just knit
if I'm remembering correctly in the dog
run they didn't really give us much in
the way of backstory for how for the
rise and fall
um and rise and fall and rise again
um of him they pretty much just started
with his third Ascension and everyone
was running around you know panicking
and such I don't think we got much
backstory in the donghua here let me get
rid of this
um spam guy here
there we go
they should be gone now okay yeah did we
not
I feel like we didn't get much context
for his third Ascension
and then
and I feel like I would have
appreciated a little something but then
maybe they did and I'm just forgetting
but anyway that's the end of the
prologue
so now we are officially beginning
chapter one
legit called The Scrap Immortal third
time entering the Heavenly capital
yeah yeah
alrighty okay here we go yeah I don't
think they did in the dong where I don't
think we got much context he just like
rose for the third time I would have
appreciated a little something because
this whole setup
beautiful and now we're on more solid
ground in terms of what exactly is
happening and why everyone's running
around and like the anticipation has
built up right because now the [__] has
ascended for a third time
amazing
all right chapter one page 23.
congratulations your highness
hearing this Chile oh Chilean
I don't want to pronounce this wrong the
whole time
it's not like sheilan
it's Chilean
Chilean
yeah okay
awesome just making sure
because it's one thing to get a city
name wrong every now and then but like
one of the main characters
that would be a little insufferable
hearing this shitlyn
looked up and he smiled before saying
anything
thank you but can I ask what you're
congratulating me for
Ling huh here we go Ling when
jinjun
stood tall with her hands folded behind
her back
congratulations you have won first place
on the chart of heavenly official most
hoped to be banished down to the Mortal
realm of this calendar cycle
well no matter what first place is first
place she Leanne said
but since you're congratulating me is
there anything that's actually worth
being happy about
yes linguin replied first place on this
chart receives 100 merits
sheilan immediately said if there are
any similar charts in the future please
absolutely call me up
do you know who second place is lingwen
asked Chilean pondered for a moment then
replied that's too hard to guess after
all in terms of ability I should be able
to take the first three places myself oh
pretty much lingwen said there isn't a
second place you're so far ahead that
you've left everyone in the dust
That's too great of an honor sheilian
replied then who was first place for the
previous calendar cycle
there is no previous winner lingwin said
because this chart was first established
today
huh Chilean was taken aback you don't
mean to say that this was a chart set up
just for me lingwen replied you can
think of it as you just so happened to
make it in time and just so happened to
steal first place
Julian grinned his eyes squinting into
crescents alright I'll be happier if I
think of it that way
do you know why you got first place
linguin continued by popular demand
sheilan guest
let me explain the reason to you linguin
said please look at that Bell
Chilean turned his head to gaze toward
where she pointed and what he saw was an
extremely beautiful sight there was a
grand palace Temple made of white Jade
abundant Towers Pavilions and gazebos
with heavenly clouds lingering about
extremes flowed and birds danced
good look for a while then asked did you
perhaps point in the wrong direction
there's no Bell anywhere
I didn't lingwen said it's right there
don't you see it
Julian looked again seriously then
answered honestly I don't
linwin replied it's all right if you
don't there used to be a bell there but
when you ascended it fell because of the
tremors
whoa we got we got some sass
lingwen
that Bell is older than you but it has a
spirited character and enjoys a good
spectacle whenever someone ascends it
tolls a few times in Applause when you
ascended the Tremors were so strong that
the Bell told like mad and couldn't stop
at all in the end it shook itself off
the bell tower before it finally ceased
and when it fell it crashed down onto
one of the Heavenly officials passing by
holy [__]
he
injured I'm assuming you know not killed
he injured people just by ascending it's
the metaphor
honestly
um
is everything better now shillian
inquired
not yet it's still under repairs lingwen
replied
I meant that Heavenly official who was
hurt sheilanne clarified
the one it hit was a martial God linguin
said a flick of his hand and the bell
was chopped in two right then and there
now please look over at the Golden
Palace do you see it
again she then looked to where she was
pointing and saw amidst the haze of
clouds the resplendent Golden Glazed
roof ah this time I see it
right if you see it linguin said there
wasn't anything there before
when you ascended the golden pillars of
the Golden Palaces of a number of
heavenly officials collapsed from the
Tremors and their glazed roof tiles
shattered there are some that won't be
so easily fixed so the Heavenly
officials could only put together some
last minute palaces to make do for the
time being
and I'm the one responsible
you're the one responsible
I feel like that's arguable
hmm Jillian asked to confirm
so I've offended many Heavenly officials
since the moment I arrived
if you could make amends maybe not
linguin said
how do I make amends easy with 8 million
000 merits
sheilan grinned again lingwen added of
course I know you don't have a tenth of
that amount
Chilean replied earnestly how do
sorry if you want just ten thousandth of
that amount of that amount I don't have
it
the faith of mortal Believers was
converted into the spiritual power of a
Heavenly official every stick of incense
they lit and every offering they gave
were thus called merits
Chilean turned solemn in place of the
smile and asked seriously are you
willing to kick me down from here and
give me 8 million 880 000 merits for it
I'm a civil God linguin said If you're
looking for someone to kick you down
under you'll need to find a martial God
to do it the harder they kick the more
merits they'll give
Chilean heaved alongside please allow me
to think about what I should do
lingwen patted his shoulder don't worry
there will always be a path when the
carriage reaches the mountain
boats always sink when they reach the
pier head for me though xuan said
and there's the second footnote that
says when the boat gets to the pier head
it will go straight with the current is
a proverb that means everything will be
all right and so therefore Julian was
twisting them we got him
this were 800 years ago when the Palace
of Chandler was at its peak of
prominence eight million eight hundred
and eighty thousand merits would be
nothing the Crown Prince could throw it
out without batting an eye but the
present wasn't the same as the past and
all his temples in the Mortal realm had
long since been burned to the ground he
had no Believers no incense and no
offerings
there was no need to say more on the
subject either way he had nothing
nothing
absolutely nothing
he crouched by himself on the side of
the main street of the Heavenly Capital
feeling distraught for a while before
suddenly remembering he descended for
almost three days now but he still
hadn't entered the communication array
of the upper Court he'd forgotten to ask
what the verbal password was
the Heavenly officials of the upper
Court had gotten together and set up an
array that could instantly allow the
Consciousness to to communicate and pass
on messages once ascended one must enter
the array but a password was required
for the Consciousness to find the
designated channel the last time
sheilian had entered the array was 800
years ago so he didn't remember the
password at all he let his Consciousness
scattered to search and saw a channel
that seemed to be what he was looking
for so he went in randomly
the moment he entered he was blasted by
an outpouring of crazed yelling from all
directions
place your bets and no take backs let's
wager on how long our Royal Highness the
Crown Prince can last before going down
again I bet one year one year is too
long last time it was only one incense
time it'll be three days this time I
think I put my merits down on three days
three days
don't you dimwit three days is almost
over already do you even know how to
gamble
Chilean silently exited the array
he'd entered the wrong one that couldn't
be it
the Heavenly officials of the upper
Court of Heaven were all bigwigs who
guarded over a given region they were
widely known by every household and kept
occupied by a myriad of state affairs
since they were deities who ascended
respectably and keeping with their
status they were generally more reserved
and often put on errors Chilean himself
had been the only one who dragged out
every single Heavenly official inside
the communication array to greet them
out of excitement the first time he
ascended incomparably Earnest and
exceedingly thorough and introducing
himself from head to toe
the pureness though
it's it's the wholesomeness it's the
pureness
after he exited that array he went on
another random search and entered a
different one this time he relaxed
thinking to himself
how quiet it's probably this one
just then he heard a voice say Softly
so your highness is back
it was a very comfortable voice this
sounds soft and gentle the tone decorous
could be the chorus
however if one were to listen closely
one would discover that the voice was
quite cool and indifferent the same as
the sentiment it carried causing that
soft gentleness to turn into something
more malicious in intent
Chilean had intended to enter the array
in a proper manner then lie low but
since the other party had already
addressed him he couldn't keep
pretending to be deaf and mute
besides he was still delighted that they
were actually Heavenly officials in the
upper Court who would willingly start a
conversation with a God of Misfortune
like himself
thus he quickly answered yeah hello
everyone I'm back again
yet little did he know after this
exchange every single Heavenly official
who was currently inside the
communication array perked up their ears
that Heavenly official said languidly
your highness certainly ascended with
tremendous Force this time huh
within the upper Court of Heaven
Emperors Kings generals and chancellors
were everywhere and heroes flowed like
water
in order to become a deity one must
first achieve greatness within the
Mortal realm who those who had obtained
accolades or ones in possession of great
talent had always had a better chance at
Ascension so it wasn't an exaggeration
to say that rulers princes
princesses princes and Generals weren't
a rarity here everyone was a darling of
the heavens everyone acted courteously
with each other so they would address
one another as your majesty your
highness Lord General Alliance chief
head Chief whatever as long as the title
was flattering however the words from
this one Heavenly officials seem to have
something lurking beneath their tone
although he said your highness this your
highness that Chilean couldn't sense a
bit of respect from him at all
it was more like he was poking him with
a needle there were also several
Heavenly officials inside the
communication array who were authentic
Crown princes and they were feeling the
hairs on their backs rise from such an
address incredibly uncomfortable
Chilean could tell that this other party
didn't come with good intentions but he
didn't want to fight so he chose to run
instead
smiled it wasn't too bad
however that Heavenly official wouldn't
give him the chance to run he said
tepidly it's your highness after all so
it wasn't too bad for you but my luck
doesn't seem to be as good
suddenly Chilean heard a private message
from lingwen
she only said one word
Bell
instantly Chilean understood
so this was the martial God who was hit
by the Bell
if that was the case then the other
party wasn't angry without reason
had always been Adept at apologizing so
he immediately said I've heard about the
accident with the bell and I'm
dreadfully sorry I do apologize
the other party humped the meaning
unclear
there were a great number of renowned
martial gods in the Heavenly realm and
many of them were newly ascended
dignitaries who came after she lands
time
Julian couldn't be sure who this person
was by voice alone and he couldn't stay
ignorant of his name after apologizing
either so Chilean inquired might I ask
how I may address my Lord
the other fell silent at this not only
did the other fall silent it was like
the entire communication array froze and
the air was assaulted with stagnation
from the other end lingwen sent him
another message
your highness although I think you
should have recognized him after talking
for so long I still want to give you a
hint that's shwanjen
said
he was stumped for a moment before he
finally came around then sent a voice
message back in shock that's mooching
General Schwan Jen was the martial god
of the Southwest who possessed 7 000
temples his name in the human world was
considerably distinguished and this
General shwenjen's real name was mu
ching 800 years ago he was a deputy
General at the Chandler Palace of the
Crown Prince
lingwen was also quite shocked you
really didn't recognize him
I really didn't Shannon sheelan replied
he didn't talk to me like this back then
besides I can't even recall when we last
met it was either five or six centuries
ago I can barely remember what he looks
like so how can I possibly remember what
his voice sounds like
the communication array was still deep
and silence moo Ching didn't utter a
sound the other Heavenly officials were
pretending they weren't listening while
waiting on the edge of their seats for
whichever one would continue the
conversation
things were rather awkward when it came
to those two the complicated plot had
been spread in rumors for so many years
and everyone basically knew the story at
this point
back then when Chilean was still the
esteemed Crown Prince of chan lay he
trained at the royal royal Holy Temple
this Royal Holy Temple was a royal
cultivation Hall in the Kingdom of
chanlei with a very strict standard for
selecting disciples
mooching came from the slums and his
father was an executed criminal someone
like that didn't qualify for acceptance
for to the Royal Holy Temple so he could
only run errands within the temple
ground he was someone who cleans the
Royal highness's Room and served tea and
water
Chilean saw how hard he was working so
he requested that the state preceptors
make an exception and accept mooching as
a disciple it was only by the golden
mouth of the Royal Highness that muchin
could enter the temple to cultivate and
be trained alongside the Crown Prince
then after Ascension Chilean appointed
him as general and took him along to the
Heavenly capital
however when the kingdom of Shanley fell
and Chilean
as banished to the mortal world mooching
didn't follow him not only did he not
follow he never even spoke a word in
shailan's favor shillian's favor
either way the Crown Prince was gone so
he was free he found a cave on a piece
of auspicious land and trained arduously
and not a few years later he passed a
Heavenly tribulation and ascended to
Heaven himself
in the past one was in the heavens and
one on earth now there was still one in
the heavens and one on earth it was
simply that their positions had switched
completely that's all
on this end linguin said he's very upset
I figured as much Julian said
I'll go start another topic of
conversation you'd best take the chance
to leave linguin suggested no it's okay
Julian replied it's fine as long as we
pretend nothing's happens
are you sure lingwen said I feel awkward
just watching you two
it's not that packed
Jillian said replied
for someone like sheilan everything
besides death really was okay he didn't
have a lot and certainly not shame
that's why I love him
he had done much much more awkward
things so he genuinely felt that this
was okay yet who knew that okay wasn't a
word to be uttered lightly he had only
just said it's okay when a voice roared
angrily who the [__] knocked down my
Golden Palace show yourself
the heads of all the gods explode
well they were already filled to the
brim with surgeon complaints still each
of them held their breaths waiting
soundlessly to hear how shillian was
going to answer this accusatory cry yet
unexpectedly things only got more
exciting before she Leanne had opened
his mouth mooching spoke up first or
rather he only snorted yeah
the newcomers spat coldly you knocked it
down good just you wait muching replied
Cooley
I didn't say it was me don't make false
accusations
the other said angrily then what are you
laughing about are you out of your mind
no reason you just sound funny that's
all mooching said the one who knocked
down your Golden Palace is in the
communication array right now go
interrogate him yourself
with things reaching this point Chilean
was too embarrassed to run away just
like that he cleared his throat hmm
it was me
I'm sorry
the moment he spoke the one who came
after also fell silent
next to his ear lingwen messaged him
again
uh your highness that's nenyang
this one I know sheilian said but it
seems he doesn't recognize me
he does Wing one confirmed it's just
that he spends most of his time roaming
the Mortal realm and rarely comes back
to the Heavenly Capital he didn't know
you had to send it again that's all
oh
[Music]
was the martial god of the southeast he
possessed 8 000 temples and was
incredibly loved by the people his real
name was Feng shin and 800 years ago he
was the number one Heavenly general of
the Shanley Palace of the Crown Prince
Feng Shin was loyal to a fault and he
had been [__] Leanne's Imperial
bodyguard since the Crown Prince was 14
years old he grew up with Julian they
entered the heavens together were
banished together and drifted together
Unfortunately they couldn't endure all
800 years together
in the end it was an unhappy separation
as each went their own way never to meet
again
the master of foregone days fallen so
low as to be the laughingstock of the
three Realms with neither offerings
temples nor Believers all the while the
two servants under him had both passed a
Heavenly tribulation and became great
martial Gods themselves who guarded
their own domains the only thing I'm
getting from this is that everyone who
seems to be around Chilean eventually
sends to become a god
as in like Jillian's presence and
influence while chaotic and very like
Vash the Stampede
still at least somehow affects people to
I don't know race to godhood that's the
impression I'm getting it's
My Vibe anyway
oh damn
I had a theory so strong I lost my place
I always do that bare minimum once a
live stream
foreign
under these circumstances it was
impossible for anyone not to think too
much if she Leanne had to choose between
function and muching and say who made
him feel more Awkward he would answer
they're both fine
but if bystanders had to choose whether
they wanted to see Sheila and brawl with
Feng Shin or mooching then that would
depend on the individual's taste after
all all three had sufficient reasons to
beat each other up so it would be a hard
pick
which was why everyone was severely
disappointed when Feng Shin did not
respond for the longest time he didn't
say a single word and instead went
invisible and so sheilian concluded the
scene on his own beating himself up
voluntarily
I didn't think things would get this out
of hand it wasn't intentional and I do
apologize to everyone for having caused
trouble muching replied sarcastically oh
what a coincidence
coincidence Chilean also thought this
was quite the coincidence how did he so
coincidentally hit muching and wreck
functions Palace for many bystanders
perspective I.E the readers the
audiences
this was practically intentional Revenge
but the truth was thus he was just the
type who could pick up the single
poisoned cup and a thousand cups of wine
it wasn't like one could do anything
about what others thought so shillian
could only reply I will do my utmost to
compensate everyone for their Golden
Palaces and any other damages I pray you
will all give me a little time
it didn't take any brains to see how
obvious it was that muching wanted to
keep making snide remarks but his Golden
Palace didn't suffer any damage and the
bell that fell on him was also chopped
in two if you if he continued to be so
overbearing it'd be unseemly for someone
of his status thus he also fell silent
and went invisible
when Chilean saw that the awful message
message messes
themselves were now gone he quickly fled
too
he was still pondering deeply and
seriously on where he could go to get
his hands on 8 million 880 000 merits
the next day lingwen invited him to the
Palace of linguin
lingwen was a Heavenly official who
managed the Affairs of celestial
personnel and controlled the smooth
sailing and Rapid career promotion of
humans
the entire Palace was stacked full of
official documents and Scrolls from the
ground to the ceiling quite in a
sounding astounding sight enough to make
one Quake with fear on the way over
every Heavenly official who emerged from
the Palace of linguent was holding
stacks of documents that were taller
than the average person their
complexions were ghastly pale looking
either like they were breaking down or
numb
after sheilian entered the Great Hall
lingwen turned around and got straight
to the point your highness the Heavenly
Emperor has a request for you will you
give him some assistance
there were plenty of genjun and wanjun
in the Heavenly realm that was correct
right yeah more or less but there was
only one who could be addressed as
emperor if this Lord wanted something
done he needn't ask first which was why
shillian was a little taken aback before
he replied what is it
Wing Wen handed him a scroll recently
there have been a large number of grand
Believers from the north making frequent
prayers so I imagine things must not be
peaceful there the name Grand believer
usually referred to one of three types
of people the first type were the rich
those who paid for incense and religious
services and built temples the second
type were missionaries people who
promoted their religion and gave sermons
The Third type were believers who
possessed absolute faith in both heart
and body
among the three the first type dominated
the Richer someone was the more they
feared and respected the gods and ghosts
and there were as many rich people as
there were fish in the sea the third
type was the least common because if
someone could genuinely reach that level
then their spiritual state must be
exceptional and they wouldn't be far
from Ascension themselves
the ones spoken of here were obviously
the first time
the Heavenly Emperor cannot attend to
the north right now linguin explained if
you are willing to make a trip over on
his behalf then in the future regardless
of how many offerings these Grand
Believers give as a gesture to pay off
their vows everything will be counted
under your altar
think
Julian received the scroll with both
hands and said thank you
it was clearly will helping him but the
Heavenly emperor made it sound like he
was asking shillian for help of course
Julian could tell but he couldn't find
the right words to express how he felt
besides those two
linguin replied I'm only responsible for
getting things done if you wish to say
thanks wait until the Heavenly Emperor
returns and go thank him directly
Yourself by the way do you need me to
lend you any spiritual devices
no sheilan said even if you give me a
spiritual device I won't have any
spiritual power once I go down so I
couldn't use it anyway
having been banished twice Chilean had
lost all of his spiritual Powers things
were fine in the Heavenly realm the
Heavenly realm was the place where the
Divine palaces stood and spiritual Qi
was abundant endless and right at his
fingertips for him to use however once
back in the Mortal realm he was stunted
if he wanted to have a spiritual battle
with anyone he'd have to borrow said
power from someone to make do
quite the inconvenience oh
Ling went pondered for a moment then
it's best if we call a few martial
officials over to lend you a hand the
martial gods that were currently in
office either didn't know him or loathed
him
Julian knew that much at least
forget about that too no one will come
lingwen had her own considerations
however I'll give it a try
it wouldn't matter it wouldn't matter
whether she tried or not but Julianne
neither grade nor protested and let her
go off to try on her own the slingwin
entered the communication array and
clearly and loudly asked everyone the
Heavenly Emperor has an urgent matter in
the north and is in dire need of capable
hands is there any martial highness who
can assign two martial officials from
their palace
I love these guys just as the words were
spoken mooching's voice popped up early
I hear the Heavenly Emperor is not in
the north at the moment this is probably
a call for assistance from His Highness
the Crown Prince am I right
she land thought to himself are you just
lurking inside the communication array
at all times Bay
lingwen thought the exact same thing and
dearly wanted to slap mooching out of
the array for obstructing her work but
still she smiled outwardly Sean Jen how
can I I keep seeing you inside the array
these days seems like you've got free
time on your hands lately
congratulations
[Music]
in love with her okay mooching replied
coolly my hand is wounded I'm currently
nursing the injury
every Heavenly official thought to
themselves that hand of yours can chop
the mountains and Slash the Seas without
breaking a sweat what could splitting a
bell do to you
lingwen had wanted to wait until she had
tricked two people into volunteering
before saying anything at first yet not
only did muching figure it out easily he
had to say it out loud too now there
surely wouldn't be anyone available
as expected now the single soul
responded but she Leanne didn't think
anything of it he turned to her I told
you no one would come
if Sean Jen didn't say anything I would
have succeeded Lin Wing said
Julian chuckled you worded it like a
puppet player with her with half her
face covered and within the fog the
flower looks three times more beautiful
if others thought it was to do work if
others thought it was to do work for the
Emperor of course they would have come
but if they came and discovered they'd
be working with me there would probably
be a riot and how could we cooperate
under those conditions either way I'm
used to being alone it's not like I lost
any limbs during all those years so
we'll leave it as it is thanks for all
the trouble I'll be off now
lingwen was out of ideas too so she
cupped her hands in salute
all right wishing everything goes
smoothly for your highness down below
may heaven officials give Their
Blessings hey we basically have a title
no paths are bound shillian replied
waved his hand and left in a dashing
manner
because we love him
okay that's a scene break in the middle
of 38
it's 4 20.
let me think
it's almost 4 20.
I'm going to take
a very short break this time I'm
literally just going to stand up walk
around my house grab something else to
drink and um heat up the hot thing I
have on my back and we will be back to
keep reading until about 4 50 right so I
will be back in hopefully just like five
minutes definitely no longer than 10.
I'm rushing because we got kind of a
late start today
so I shall return for part two very very
soon
hello again
we are back Janae Henning's here
everybody say hi to Janae
most definitely a friend of the channel
has a wonderful YouTube in her own right
go check her out I am one thousand
percent sure she reacts to things that
are up your alley
hi Janae
it's always wonderful to see you here
alrighty
let's let me bring this up there we go
and
we are in the middle of page 38 of
chapter one The Scrap Immortal which is
a stunning chapter title
and we pick up right where we left off
three days later the Mortal realm in the
North
there was a tea shop by the side of a
major Street its storefront wasn't big a
small operation but what was good about
it was the scenery
there were mountains and Waters people
in the city it had it all but not much
not much but just right
if one was to have a chance meeting here
in this landscape it it would definitely
become a beautiful memory
the tea Master inside the shop was
extremely idle when there weren't any
customers he'd bring a stool out to sit
by the entrance to watch the mountains
and the waters the people in the city
quite Jolly as he looked on
today he saw a white cloud cultivator
who had come down the road from a
distance the cultivator was travel worn
as if he had walked for a long time
when the man came close he brushed past
the small shop at first but suddenly he
halted then very slowly he backed up
lifting the tip of his bamboo hat he
looked up glancing at the shop sign and
smiled Little Shop of chance encounters
what an interesting name
while this man appeared somewhat tired
his expression was a cheerful one so
much so that the one watching him
couldn't help but lift the corners of
his lips too the man then asked excuse
me is Mount Union nearby
the teamaster pointed in a direction for
him it is indeed around here
the man let out a sigh managing not to
let his entire soul out while he was at
it he thought to himself I finally made
it
this was indeed Chilean
when he left the Heavenly Capital that
day he had originally set the desired
Landing location in the Mortal realm to
be somewhere nearby Mount Eugene
yet who knew when he left in such a
dashing Manner and jumped down dashingly
that his sleeve would be caught by a
dashing Cloud yes it was caught by a
cloud
he didn't know how his sleeve got caught
but either way he tumbled across the
million meter high sky and by the time
he tumbled down he no longer knew where
he was after walking on foot for three
days he finally made it to the first
intended Landing point and he sighed
deeply with emotion
entered the shop and picked a table next
to the window ordering tea and snacks
after he finally settled there was
suddenly the sound of weeping and gongs
being played outside
he gazed towards the Main Street and saw
a group of men and women both young and
old escorting a bright red marriage
sedan as it passed by
we're getting hype it's okay it's all
right I just had everything surge
in my chest
I care about this normal amount the air
surrounding this procession was
downright odd at first glance it seemed
like a marriage procession but upon
closer look
there was solemnity grief Fury and
Terror on those faces the only emotion
missing was Joy it didn't look like they
were festive at all yet still they all
wore red with flowers and made an
ostentatious show
such a such a scene truly was
exceedingly peculiar we have our first
bit of Art in one second the Master
raised the copper teapot in his hand
high and tipped it to poor tea he also
saw the scene play out but he only shook
his head before moving on
she Leanne watched as the bizarre
procession disappeared into the distance
and he grew deep in thought for a moment
just as he was about to take out the
scrolling one had given him to read it
over once more he suddenly sensed
something dazzling flit by when he
looked up a silver butterfly flew past
his eyes
chance encounters
shut the [__] up
I hate her I'm done with her
she sucks
I've lost my place she sucks so much
there we go
that silver butterfly was glittering and
translucent and as it fluttered through
the air it left a sparkling bright Trail
in its wake
celian reached out toward it in spite of
himself
this silver butterfly was incredibly
intelligent instead of being alarmed by
the movement it stopped on the tip of
his finger its wings shimmered beautiful
and Serene and beneath the sunlight it
felt like the illusion of a dream that
would shatter with a single touch
a moment later it flew away
she just buried that meat cute she just
dug a hole and buried the [__] meat
cute
foreign
waved at it as a farewell and when he
turned his head back around there were
two more people sitting at his table hey
there were four sides to this table and
those two and those two each took aside
one left one right they were both young
men of 18 or 19 years of age the one on
the left side was taller with deep brows
and handsome features and his eyes
carried a sort of unbridled wildness the
one on the right was extremely Fair
elegant and poised
his expression was a bit overly distant
and cold making him look as if he was
extremely displeased actually neither of
them looked Pleasant boy if that wasn't
the description of like every [__]
mxtx pairing
specked everybody to ship them because
if she didn't then why
this is why I also inadvertently just
showed off the art without meaning to so
we'll put that up as well because the
moment in the story already passed look
at that look at how sweet and innocent
and beautiful that is
foreign
blings you two are
oh they are even if it's only in my
heart and soul they are
the one on the left replied none Fung
the one on the right said oh yeah
I wasn't asking for your names Sheila
and thought
just then lingwen suddenly transmitted a
message your highness there are two
Junior martial officials from the middle
court who have volunteered to go assist
you they've already descended to find
you and should be there by now
the middle court was naturally the
opposite of the upper Court the Heavenly
officials of the Heavenly realm could be
crassly divided into two groups those
who had ascended and those who hadn't
the upper Court consisted of heavenly
officials who ascended on their own
abilities there were only about a
hundred of them in the entire Heavenly
realm extremely eminent as for the ones
in the middle court they were brought up
as appointed generals strictly speaking
they should be addressed as pure
Heavenly officials but when everyone
addressed each other they'd often take
out peer in the name
one might ask if there was an upper
court and a middle court was there a
lower court
no
actually there had been one when
shillian first ascended at the time the
division was still upper court and lower
court however later everyone discovered
a problem when one was introducing
oneself it sounded really bad to say I
am XXX from the lower court with the
word lower it felt like one was lower
compared to the others it must be known
that there were definitely Geniuses and
outstanding figures with impressive
spiritual power among them
and what they were missing was only that
one Heavenly tribulation before they
could become real Heavenly officials and
who knew if that day would arrive soon
thus it was proposed that one word be
changed and saying I am XXX from the
middle court sounded so much better even
though they both meant the same thing in
any case after it was changed Chilean
couldn't get used to it for the longest
time
Julian stared at these two Junior
martial officials each appearing more
upset than the other not looking at all
like they had come voluntarily
he couldn't help but ask lingwen they
don't look like they're here to help me
work more like they're here for my good
for nothing head I hope they're not here
because of your trickery
unfortunately what he said didn't seem
to be transmitted and he couldn't hear
lingwen's Voice by his ears anymore
either he figured it was because he'd
been away from the Heavenly Capital too
far and too long and his spiritual
Powers were depleted without any choice
Chilean first flashed a smile at the two
Junior martial officials then said
nanfang and fuya was it let me first
thank you both for volunteering to come
help
the two only nodded giving quite the
attitude
it seems they must have come from the
retainment of distinguished martial gods
Chilean told the teammaster to bring two
more cups then he raised his own teacup
and scraped the tea leaves aside as he
asked casually which highnesses are the
two of you from
the Palace of nanyang replied nanfung
the Palace of schwanjan replied booyah
well this was certainly horrifying
she land gulped down his mouth full of
tea
did your generals tell you to come
the two answered in use in unison my
general didn't know I was coming
Julian pondered for a moment before
asking again then do you know who I
if these two Junior martial officials
had come in blind because of lingwen's
deception and helped him then they would
get scolded by their own generals upon
their return it wouldn't be worth it
you're his Royal Highness the Crown
Prince Nan Fung said you're the Justice
of the Mortal realm the center of the
world for you said Julian choked for a
moment then asked nenfang uncertain did
he just roll his eyes
yes Nan Fung replied tell him to Beat It
it wasn't a secret that Nan young and
Shenzhen didn't get along when she
Leanne first heard of this he wasn't
surprised in the least because Feng shin
and muching hadn't shared any great
friendship in the past what had kept
things peaceful was that they were
subordinates so when the Crown Prince
said don't fight you have to be good
friends everyone held back and didn't
flip out back then when they got really
upset they'd stab each other with words
at most
but with the way things were now Faking
It was no longer necessary
this was also why the two Heavenly
officials full Heavenly officials folk
Believers in the Southeast and Southwest
regarded each other with contempt
throughout the years the Palace of
nanyang and the Palace of schwanjen had
always seen each other as enemies the
two before him now were a classic
example
said that all willing volunteers are
welcome so on what grounds are you
telling me to scram
the word willing uttered using that
expression of his really wasn't
persuasive
Chilean said let me just confirm YouTube
really came as willing volunteers if not
then please don't force yourselves
the two answered in unison I'm willing
looking at those two grim and disparated
faces she Leanne thought inwardly you
guys actually mean I want to kill myself
right
well in any case Julian continued let's
talk business first I'm sure you both
know what we're doing here in the north
right so I'm not explaining it from the
top nope the two sat in unison
not having a choice sheilian took out
the scroll then I guess I'll start from
the very beginning for you two it was
said that many years ago at the foot of
Mount Eugene there was a couple about to
get married
this couple was deeply in love that
groom waited for the marriage procession
to arrive but he waited for a long time
and still there was no sign of the Bride
anxious the groom went to the bride's
house but his father and mother-in-law
told him that the bride had long since
set out
both families reported this to the
authorities and they searched all over
to no avail if she was eaten by the
beasts of the mountain then at the very
least there'd be a leftover arm or leg
how could she just vanish Into Thin Air
thus of course there was suspicion that
the bride wasn't willing to marry till
she colluded with the marriage
procession and ran off
Mary the same nightmare we played
once again the bride was gone however
this time there was something left
behind on a small Road the search party
found a foot that hadn't yet been fully
eaten
oh what this is too perfect of a
stopping point I realized that that was
a short little jaunt after the Break
um but I mean this just very clearly and
cleanly dumps into chapter two which is
quite literally called three clowns
night discussion on the Palace of
tremendous masculinity
so this is such a perfect
stopping point so we are actually going
to stop for today and we did indeed
make all the Headway that we were
supposed to
so
we are in good position these live
streams will happen Tuesdays and
Thursdays at the same time until we are
done with volume one and that usually
takes
um about a month at an hour and a half
ish per thing twice a week usually takes
about four weeks to get through one of
these volumes as we have learned from
modestouche so I hope you can tune in on
Tuesdays and Thursdays but do not worry
if you cannot these live streams are
posted as videos immediately after they
end so if you can't make it that day
it's not like there's any big delay or
whatnot it'll just be immediately ready
for you at your leisure and I always do
my best to include the chat replay
in case you want to see what everyone
says as the reading is happening
checked
it doesn't happen and
end up anyway because it's automatic and
that's sad but there's nothing I can do
but fortunately that doesn't happen very
often so
that is the deal that was chapter one
well that was the prologue in chapter
one of Heaven officials blessing
I immediately see how
this got to be such a big deal
mxtx knows her [__] and as a writer I'm
really interested in
the progression of an author
and Mona Sushi was her second project
and this was her third and so I'm super
excited from a writing standpoint to see
like her next
step
um
uh book book wise like project wise idea
wise and it will never Escape me and I
will never shut up about how she wrote
Moda Zushi about two fools who take
thousands and thousands and hundreds of
thousands of words to get together and
then in her next project
just the exact opposite
exact absolute opposite to tremendously
incredible effect
that will always tickle me like I can't
I just can't I can't with her
but that's it for this
yesterday's and Thursday
happen it's totally fine I had a blast I
hope you had a blast and I will I'm I'm
just I'm I'm too excited for words I'm
just way too excited for words I would
need about six months and a few drafts
in order to write up something that
accurately conveys the amount of
excitement I have to finally get into
this book after like two years of
everybody telling me that I need to get
into this series
so I will see you guys next time have a
beautiful wonderful day night evening
morning whatever applies and I will see
you for the next live stream
bye and of course take care of
yourselves